1. Choose a server from the list below. Usually, this will be the one with the
   lowest latency (ping) to your server.
   - If you have multiple servers in DN42, I'm open to peering with all of them
     at once.
2. Choose a type of VPN for tunneling.
   - I usually prefer WireGuard and OpenVPN, but others such as GRE/Plain and
     ZeroTier will also work.
     - GRE/IPSec configuration is extremely complicated, and different IPSec
       implementations usually have severe compatibility issues, so it may take
       days or even weeks to debug. Therefore, **I no longer accept GRE/IPSec
       tunnels**, and existing tunnels may be disconnected at any time.
   - **WARN: I DO NOT peer with servers in mainland China to avoid possible
     legal issues.**
   - I'm also willing to try new types of VPNs - just ask!
3. Configure BGP daemon and VPN software on your side. You may assume I will use
   the following configuration:
   - My General Information:
     - ASN: **4242422547**
     - Public IP: listed below
     - DN42 IPv4 (IP used in the tunnel on my end): listed below
       - If you need an address block (such as /30) for the IPv4 tunnel, it will
         come out of your address space.
       - This is usually needed for hardware routers, such as Mikrotik.
     - DN42 IPv6: **fe80::2547** for peering over link-local addresses
       - If you need an address block (such as /64) for the IPv6 tunnel, it will
         come out of your address space.
     - Multiprotocol BGP (MP-BGP):
       - Although I support MP-BGP, I still configure two BGP sessions (1 IPv4 &
         1 IPv6) by default.
       - If you also support MP-BGP and only need one session, just let me know.
   - For creating a tunnel connection:
     - WireGuard/OpenVPN port on my side: **last 5 digits of your ASN**
       - e.g., 4242420001 means I will use port 20001
     - OpenVPN static key: generated by you, sent to me later
     - OpenVPN default configuration: show below
       - If you can't use my default configuration, set something suitable for
         you and send it to me
     - ZeroTier One: I will request to join your network
       - You may try to invite my server to your network, if possible
4. Send the following information via email to **dn42@lantian.pub**:
   - Your General Information:
     - ASN
     - Public IP
       - I prefer IPv4 since IPv6 is tunneled on some of my servers (HE.NET
         Tunnelbroker)
     - DN42 IPv4 and IPv6 (IP used in the tunnel on your end)
       - Or address blocks, if you need them for the tunnel
       - Including link-local address for IPv6 peering
     - The server you want to peer with
   - For creating a tunnel connection:
     - WireGuard/OpenVPN port on your side
       - I will assume 22547 if you don't specify
     - OpenVPN static key (generated by you)
     - ZeroTier One: Your network ID (I will request to join your network)
     - OpenVPN custom configuration (if necessary)
5. Wait till I set up the tunnel and the peering, and respond to your email.
   Usually, the peering is successful by now.
   - You may use [my Looking Glass](https://lg.lantian.pub/) to debug our
     connection.
